The dear couple was with him and return home once he took leave.
Till he see him alone in a bed where he can see the protector of his heart.
Everyone somehow finds themselves in horror
When you Wish to Be Filed, you wish at the bottom of the sea
youf исслед theness of the Earth
Who is it?
Omitta!
You've been calling me for ages.
Why are you so quiet?
Who?
Who are you talking about?
It's me, Ichinosuke.
You haven't been answering my calls.
You and I are in-laws.
You should be thankful for your parents.
You've changed since the time you came to Kashiwazaki.
Please, think again.
You're not going to answer my calls?
Why aren't you answering?
You've changed your mind.
Please, think again.
After I changed my face and ran away,
I saw Omitsu Joann.
I'm sorry.